docs(usage/java): document existing Gradle `verification-metadata.xml` Support (#43287)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/java.md

- `*.versions.toml` files in any directory or `*.toml` files inside the `gradle`
  directory ([Gradle Version Catalogs docs](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/platforms.html))
- `versions.props` and `versions.lock` from the [gradle-consistent-versions](https://github.com/palantir/gradle-consistent-versions) plugin

> - `gradle/verification-metadata.xml` signatures and checksums for [dependency verification](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/dependency_verification.html)

Reviewer: Should be like so:

```suggestion
- `gradle/verification-metadata.xml` signatures and checksums for [dependency verification](./modules/manager/gradle.md#dependency-verification)
```

(It's something I'd like to see if we can improve for new contributors - it took me a while to get used to it!)
